% Start-The-Game Arc  Intro Text 1e
August 21, NT157
 
For most of your life you thought of the Earth as a dead planet.
Now it looks like the only place you can turn to.
  
Your ancestors came to Luna two centuries ago to escape the
fighting which had decimated the Earth. When nuclear war brought an
end to the age of superpowers, it seemed obvious that Luna would
become the new homeworld of the human race.
  
Unfortunately, as far as humanity may run, it will never escape its
own intrinsic nature.
  
You come from the dome Tycho Madang. It is a small city with many
hydroponic gardens. Most of its citizens are farmers. When the Lunar
Unification War began five years ago, your city hoped to remain
neutral in the conflict.
 
Aegis Overlord Luna, a fascist government and heir apparent to the
ancient superpower Pax Romana, has dedicated itself to conquering the
entire lunar surface. Tycho Madang was small and unimportant enough to
be ignored for a while. That changed when a deposit of gallanium was
discovered near the colony dome. Suddenly, Tycho Madang was a valuable
prize in the war.
 
Faced by superior numbers of hostile battlesuits, your city called
all able-bodied citizens into military service. You were assigned to
a secondary defense line as a mecha pilot. When the battle finally
came it was quick and decisive: Tycho Madang was utterly destroyed.
  
The next few weeks passed as a nightmare. You were forced to evade
capture by traveling through the dust sea. Your mecha contained
just enough supplies to keep you alive, while bitter memories
of your lost home haunted your mind.
  
Eventually you made your way to a neutral colony. You traded your
mecha to a group of smugglers in exchange for safe passage to Earth.
  
Now, here you are, standing for the first time on the birth planet
of humanity. The gravity is overpowering, the air smells of unknown
organic substances, and the wind is bitterly cold. There is a small
town a short distance away. The smugglers told you that you could
get food and lodging there.
  
This is the first day of your new life.
