% The Compleat Hwang-Sa Encyclopedia Series
 
    The Complete
      Encyclopedia
         of the
        Modern Age
 
     as compiled by
      Hwang-Sa Archives
 
      containing all things
       which may be known
        with certainty
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                                    HISTORY
 
 
AGE OF SUPERPOWERS
 
 A period of time during which the Earth was divided among several colonial
 powers. The population of Earth was divided between the Idealist ruling class
 and the Mehum worker class. Mehums came from the vassal countries dominated
 by the superpowers, and were denied citizenship unless they performed 
 military service.
 
CYCLOPS
 
 An intelligent synthetic lifeform originally designed as a bioweapon
 during the Age of Superpowers. The original cyclops, known as the
 Progenitors, are much larger and more powerful than their
 modern offspring.
 
LOSTECH
 
 It is a common myth that the technology posessed in PreZero times was
 much more advanced than that which is posessed today. With the
 exceptions of biotech and recreational technology, this is certainly not
 true. Believers in LosTech will go to great expense to recover artifacts
 from the previous age.
 
NEWTYPE AGE
 
 The modern period. The NewType Calendar is measured from the day after
 the Night of Fire.
 
NIGHT OF FIRE
 
 The nuclear attack which marks the end of the Age of Superpowers and
 the beginning of the modern period. Over two thirds of all human beings
 on Earth were killed in this attack.
 
PREZERO AGE
 
 The time before the start of the NewType Calendar. The term is often
 used interchangable with the Age of Superpowers, even though that
 refers to a specific segment of the PreZero Age.
 
SUNRISE PACT
 
 Upon signing this treaty the fortress-cities Wujung, Gyori, Joseon,
 Asan, and Namok united to become the Federated Territories of Earth.
 
WAR OF UNIFICATION
 
 The war on Luna in which Aegis Overlord came to dominate that world.
 
