% Explorer journal #1
04/15/157
 
 Sailors traveling through Oceania tell of the cursed island Tokto.
 The residents of this island worship a dark mountain god, and are
 said to regularly perform human sacrifices in its name. I have come
 to this island to make contact with the natives and learn of their
 culture.
 
 Initial contact was suprisingly friendly. Most of the villagers were
 curious about my equipment and strange appearance. Only the shaman
 stood alone. Despite the reports, I do not fear that my life will be
 in danger here.
 
05/22/157
 
 Everyone I have spoken with confirms that virgin sacrifices do happen
 on the island. Whether this is honestly true or just the islanders
 having a joke on their foreign visitor remains to be seen. I spoke
 with the shaman about this practice and gained some insight into
 their religion.
 
 According to tribal custom, a great spirit which the villagers call
 "Ladon" resides in the island's central volcano. The shaman may
 communicate directly with Ladon during a special ritual in which prayers
 are uttered and the blood of a wild pig is imbibed. Ladon is an angry
 god who demands frequent sacrifices of living victims; the best
 sacrifice is that of a human being, but according to the shaman they
 have been unable to perform this sacrifice for some time.
 
 This cult appears to be a combination between Polynesian animism and
 more recent eschatological theosophies. There is definitely an
 apocalyptic tone to many of the religion's tenets. Enclosed is a
 copy of some PreZero script I noticed among the shaman's writings.
 Maybe somebody there can make heads or tails of it?
 
05/27/157
 
 I have witnessed the communion ritual as performed by the local shaman.
 Also, I secretly procured a sample of the pig's blood mixture to test
 for intoxicants and other irregularities. See enclosed chemical trace
 reading; you'll have to get someone from the university to tell what
 that all means.
 
06/12/157
 
 I have tried the pig's blood. I must tell you that despite the lab
 reports there was a definite feeling of being high, I'm quite sure
 I didn't just imagine it. Based on my own personal experience I'd
 most closely relate the feeling to one time when I tried redrocket
 in university.
 
 Could we have discovered some new pharmecutical? This could be worth
 investigating.
 
06/15/157
 
 I heard her speak today. I know what the natives mean when they say
 sometimes Ladon calls to them. I don't know if it was just a
 flashback to the drugs I took a few days ago or what.
 
06/18/157
 
 I haven't slept for three nights. Her voice is in my head. The mother
 is calling me to the womb in the mountain. This will be my last
 communication. You must not send anyone to find me.
 
