% The Compleat Hwang-Sa Encyclopedia Series
 
    The Complete
      Encyclopedia
         of the
        Modern Age
 
     as compiled by
      Hwang-Sa Archives
 
      containing all things
       which may be known
        with certainty
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                             CULTURE AND GEOGRAPHY
 
 
AEGIS OVERLORD GOVERNMENT
 
 The government of Luna. Although it describes itself as a meritocratic
 republic, doubts have been cast on its commitment to human rights.
 
CAVALIERS
 
 A mecha-piloting adventurer.
 
DEAD ZONE
 
 An area so scarred by the Night of Fire that it will support only
 minimal life.
 
FEDERATED TERRITORIES
 
 The governing alliance originally conceived by several city-fortresses
 of the Joseon Green Zone in NT50. The Federated Territories flourished
 in the following years due to its strong industrial base and powerful
 military, backed on a foundation of democracy and peace. Today, it is
 one of the major influences on Earth, and shares peaceful relations
 with most other legitimate leading Terran governing bodies.
 
GREEN ZONE
 
 An area on Earth in which life flourishes. It is thought that certain
 green zones are the result of genetic contamination from PreZero
 biotech research.
 
L5 ALLIANCE
 
 The mutual defense pact signed by most spinner colonies in the
 L5 orbital pattern. The seat of Alliance Government is Maquise
 Spinner.
 
RAVAGERS, RAVAGER TRIBES
 
 Nomadic residents of the Dead-Zone. The name comes from the belief that
 they will pillage all the resources in a given area, then move on to
 fresh territory. In actual fact most nomadic tribes will return to the
 same areas over a five- to ten-year cycle.
 
SPINNERS
 
 A space colony, usually built as an O'Neil cylinder. Artificial gravity
 is provided by the rotation of the colony. The word "Spinner" may also
 refer to a resident of these colonies.
 
