% ARGOSEYER MODEL
The most powerful mecha during the Age of Superpowers was most likely
the Argoseyer. It was the first, and to date only, biotechnological
mecha ever mass produced. 
  
Though no surviving examples of the design exist, we know a great deal
about it from military test reports and the two battles in which it took
part. As few as five Argoseyers may have been produced during the two
years previous to the Night of Fire. All were lost defending the Siberian
industrial megafortress from an eventually victorious Oceanic assault.
  
HISTORY OF BIOCOMBATANTS 
  
  As manpower dwindled late in the war of superpowers, biotech androids
  were created to replace human soldiers. "Cyclops"-class biocombatants
  all but replaced human beings on the front line. 
  
  Following the war, biocombatants were added to the Sunrise Pact list of
  banned weapon technologies. This ban was more symbolic than practical,
  since the advanced facilities needed to produce biocombatants no longer
  existed. Many surviving biocombatants escaped and integrated themselves
  into the post-nuclear ecology. Scientists believe that animals such as
  the gremlin, the haitai, and the platypus may have originally been
  created for use as biological weapons. 
  
ARGOSEYER SPECIFICATIONS 
  
  Test reports list the Argoseyer as having had a length of 28.4m, a mass
  of 38.5 tons, and a maximum flight speed of 540dpr. Its exact body form
  is unknown, but it is thought to have been a hybrid aerofighter. 
  
  Not the entire mecha was biotechnological. Most researchers now believe
  that the musculature and nervous systems were biological, while the
  chassis and primary weapons were standard mechanical composition. 
  
  Although it was a biocombatant with an advanced AI nervous system, the
  Argoseyer was not designed for autonomous deployment. A human pilot was
  required to direct the mecha, the AI functioning as a sophisticated
  battle computer.
 

