% The Complete Hwang-Sa Encyclopedia Series
 
    The Complete
      Encyclopedia
         of the
        Modern Age
 
     as compiled by
      Hwang-Sa Archives
 
      containing all things
       which may be known
        with certainty
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                            SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY
 
 
ARCOTECTONICS
 
 During the Age of Superpowers, the Earth was covered in megacities housing
 billions of inhabitants. In many parts of the world these cities collapsed
 forming a network of unstable caverns.
 
Bioweapon
 A synth developed for military purposes. Sometimes also called a biosoldier
 or a biomonster.
 
BIOTECHNOLOGY
 
 The modification and creation of biological organisms for industrial,
 scientific, and military applications. In PreZero times Biotechnology
 was frequently used for a wide range of applications. In the modern age,
 it is almost exclusively employed in pharmacology and agriculture.
 
DRACONIC SEQUENCE
 
 A genetic marker found in many NewType animals. The original Draconic
 Sequence is thought to have been a biological weapons program, combining
 the DNA from eleven different species plus a number of custom genes.
 After the fall of the superpowers this sequence found its way into the
 gene web. Today, a number of draconic species exist.
 
 Characteristics of Draconic modification include armored skin,
 carnivorism, giantism, and bioweaponry. Cross-species contamination with
 human beings has not been recorded, and attempts to intentionally bind
 the Draconic Sequence to the human genome have universally ended in
 failure.
 
FUSION ENERGY
 
 The generation of energy by the fusion of two hydrogen atoms into a
 single helium atom. Atmospheric hydrogen fusion systems obtain fuel
 from water vapor in the air.
 
MECHA
 
 Although the term "Mecha" can refer to any machine, it is most commonly used to
 describe a single passenger fusion powered vehicle.
 
PHASE EFFECT
 
 The phase effect was first discovered at the end of the Age of Superpowers.
 Although originally developed as a space propulsion technology, it is now
 most commonly used as a weapon.
 

