%%% Snake Lake History File
HISTORY OF THE FEDERATION
 
 BORN IN FIRE
 
 The Age of Superpowers came to a violent end 157 years ago. On the
Night of Fire, more than eight billion souls perished in a single
nuclear exchange. Civilization fell and the bioweb collapsed. This was
to be humanity's darkest moment.
 
 In the year NT50 several city-fortresses of the Joseon Green Zone
signed an agreement covering trade and mutual defense. As more states
joined this alliance it would become the Federated Territories.
 
 This new federation was protected by a strong industrial base and a
powerful military. In northern Joseon, Kettel Industries created the
FedTer's first industrial zone by retooling ruined factories from before
the war. Trade with offworld powers such as Maquise Spinner further
expanded the new economy. The space colonies needed raw materials which
could only be found on Earth, while the FedTer needed technological
items which they did not yet have the capability to produce.
 
 STRATEGY FOR PEACE
 
 Currently the Federation Council is following a doctrine of Peace
through Stability. The greatest threat to peace in our modern age is the
scarcity of resources. The dead zone, incapable of producing enough food
to feed its population, remains a dangerous and unstable place.
 
 Aid is being provided to Earth's other greenzone federations, notably
those which have been established in Mesoamerica and the Trans-African
Green Zone. Efforts are underway to rehabilitate parts of the dead-zone
using modern biotechnology.
 
 These actions are being opposed by certain deadzone warlords, who fear
the erosion of their authority. The Federation Council is pressing for
diplomatic rather than military assimilation of deadzone fortresses into
the federation.
 
 ALLIES AND ENEMIES OF THE FEDERATION
 
 FedTer's greatest ally remains Maquise Spinner. The history of our two
peoples is deeply entwined. Today, Maquise factories produce many of the
mecha used by our Solar Navy and Federation Defense Force.
 
 The Federation Council retains positive relations with most other
legitimate terran governments.
 
 Relations with the Lunar Overlord Government have been strained by that
nation's expansionist policies, economic isolationism, and human rights
abuses. It is believed by FedCon intelligence that the Lunar Overlord
Government wishes to extend its military influence beyond the moon.
 
